README.md, before:

# Tarot Project Outline

Tarot-root

- backend

   - .venv (virtualenv for this project)
   - config (Configuration for development)
   - instance (where .db are being stored; either tarot.db or test.db)
   - routes (subdirectory should contain mapping files)
   - requirements.txt(python module installation for virtualenv)
   - app.py (main instigator)
   - models.py (database table definitions ORM style)
   - extensions.py (export db from there )
   - tests (Unit tests live there)

- frontend

   - Under construction

## to create the virtual environment

python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt

Prompt: `(.venv)`

```sh
source .venv/bin/activate
cd backend
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

## To create the documentation

This will be created in the `tarot/backend/docs`

```sh
source .venv/bin/activate
cd backend
pdoc ./*.py routes tests -o ./docs
```

## To run the flask code

```sh {"language":"sh","promptEnv":"never"}
source .venv/bin/activate
cd backend
flask run
```

## To test the flask code

```sh {"background":"false","language":"sh"}
source .venv/bin/activate
# cd backend
pytest -v -o log_file=test-tarot.log
```

### Pytest Coverage

```sh
source .venv/bin/activate
pytest --cov . --cov-config backend/.coveragerc.ini -cov-report=html
```

### pyTest Continuous

```sh
source .venv/bin/activate
# cd backend
pytest -v --cov-config backend/.coveragerc.ini -o log_file=test-tarot.log
ptw
```

## VUE essentials

### Debugging

It is essential that we run two processes when we are debugging the Vue portion of the code. If you have `axios` calls active in your Vue environment, You will need to start the flask debugger "Python Debugger: Flask".

To debug in Vue

Starts npm with `Run npm start - tarot` which just starts Vue with `run dev` which in turn starts a fork of another process that is runnning as the debugger

- Run Script: dev
   Select from Run and Debug

```json
{
    "command": "npm run dev",
    "name": "Run npm dev - tarot",
    "request": "launch",
    "type": "node-terminal",
    "cwd": "${workspaceFolder}/frontend/src"
}
```

Start the chrome web server by running the `Launch Chrome Vue - tarot`

```json
{
    "name": "Launch Chrome Vue",
    "type": "chrome",
    "request": "launch",
    "url": "http://localhost:4000",
    "webRoot": "${workspaceFolder}/src",
    "sourceMapPathOverrides": {
        "webpack:///src/*": "${webRoot}/*",
        "webpack:///./src/*": "${webRoot}/*",
        "webpack:///*": "${webRoot}/*"
    }
}
```

### Anisble/Terraform

[ Installing Virtual environment for Ansible and Terraform molecule testing ](./docs/vagrant.md)

Commit message:

Learn about how to run ansible unit tests #19
Refactor project structure and update configurations
- Updated .gitignore to exclude specific directories and files.
- Enhanced README.md with debugging instructions for real-time error tracking.
- Expanded requirements.txt with additional dependencies for Ansible and Terraform.
- Modified vite.config.js for improved plugin configuration.
- Removed obsolete Vagrantfile from infrastructure directory.
- Updated ansible.cfg to include collections path.
- Adjusted hosts file in Ansible inventory for better organization.
- Created requirements.yml for Ansible collections management.
- Added Vagrantfile for NTP role with detailed configuration.
- Introduced new Vagrantfile for NTP role to manage VM settings.
- Created main.yml for NTP role with galaxy information.
- Added .env.yml for Molecule configuration in NTP role.
- Established atomic.yml for Molecule driver settings in NTP role.
- Updated create.yml for NTP role to include instance creation tasks.
- Created hosts file for NTP role's Molecule testing.
- Revised molecule.yml for NTP role to specify driver and platform settings.
- Added vag.yml for dynamic Vagrant instance management in NTP role.
- Deleted obsolete Ubuntu Molecule files to streamline role structure.
- Removed unnecessary infrastructure files to clean up the project.
- Introduced update_hosts.sh script for managing VM IP in /etc/hosts and Ansible inventory.

README.md, after:

# Tarot Project Outline

Tarot-root

- backend

   - .venv (virtualenv for this project)
   - config (Configuration for development)
   - instance (where .db are being stored; either tarot.db or test.db)
   - routes (subdirectory should contain mapping files)
   - requirements.txt(python module installation for virtualenv)
   - app.py (main instigator)
   - models.py (database table definitions ORM style)
   - extensions.py (export db from there )
   - tests (Unit tests live there)

- frontend

   - Under construction

## to create the virtual environment

python3 -m venv .venv
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt

Prompt: `(.venv)`

```sh
source .venv/bin/activate
cd backend
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

## To create the documentation

This will be created in the `tarot/backend/docs`

```sh
source .venv/bin/activate
cd backend
pdoc ./*.py routes tests -o ./docs
```

## To run the flask code

```sh {"language":"sh","promptEnv":"never"}
source .venv/bin/activate
cd backend
flask run
```

## To test the flask code

```sh {"background":"false","language":"sh"}
source .venv/bin/activate
# cd backend
pytest -v -o log_file=test-tarot.log
```

### Pytest Coverage

```sh
source .venv/bin/activate
pytest --cov . --cov-config backend/.coveragerc.ini -cov-report=html
```

### pyTest Continuous

```sh
source .venv/bin/activate
# cd backend
pytest -v --cov-config backend/.coveragerc.ini -o log_file=test-tarot.log
ptw
```

## VUE essentials

### Debugging

It is essential that we run two processes when we are debugging the Vue portion of the code. If you have `axios` calls active in your Vue environment, You will need to start the flask debugger "Python Debugger: Flask".

To debug in Vue

Starts npm with `Run npm start - tarot` which just starts Vue with `run dev` which in turn starts a fork of another process that is runnning as the debugger

- Run Script: dev
   Select from Run and Debug

```json
{
    "command": "npm run dev",
    "name": "Run npm dev - tarot",
    "request": "launch",
    "type": "node-terminal",
    "cwd": "${workspaceFolder}/frontend/src"
}
```

Start the chrome web server by running the `Launch Chrome Vue - tarot`

```json
{
    "name": "Launch Chrome Vue",
    "type": "chrome",
    "request": "launch",
    "url": "http://localhost:4000",
    "webRoot": "${workspaceFolder}/src",
    "sourceMapPathOverrides": {
        "webpack:///src/*": "${webRoot}/*",
        "webpack:///./src/*": "${webRoot}/*",
        "webpack:///*": "${webRoot}/*"
    }
}

Now you should be able to track errors in real time with the stack levels

> The name of the files that have been compiled for this debugging run will appear in the stack trace on the side. Use those files to set breakpoints in the debugger.



```
